This is my notes of changes and thoughts of how I go about things. This way I can better explain my desicion making and improvments as well as things I've learned or would change.

I've run into the issue to where I'm thinking best case scenario where everything passes first try by asking for only 3 weights. What if the unit is failing so much that is requires
more than 3 weights.
I need to try running a while loop that keeps going until my list has 3 acceptable readings.

In this project I wanted to try and incorporate as much as I currently know about OOP.

The hardest thing I've had to do so far is making sure I keep track of the scope of the variables and getting them to work with each other.
What I like is this program has made me think about different ways to make it work. For example:
Having the if statement be == at first then trying != instead. Theres many ways to solve problems but there are some that are better than others.

8/9/22
When I come back I need to fix the looping problem with the checking. I need to change it to get only 3 readings and not 4.
It is getting closer. Testing.py is looking better soon it will be pretty good.

8/16/22
The solution to the above problem was that I needed to add my weight first then see if the list was empty not the other way around.
Now that i've fixed the looping problem I will now move ontu testing the failure weights inputed by the user.
I have now tested to see that the list acts as I want it to by dropping all readings and only holding ontu the good weight.

I have now formatted the output of the weights to show two decimal places. Now I am going to create input checking.
For input checking I like to use PyInputPlus. I like how it will automatically loop till the proper input format is given by the user.
This program is simple and doesn't ask for very much input from the user so I don't have to do much checking of user input.

This is my first project using VSCode and GitHub destop. I really like how easy it is to sync everything over to GitHub.
On my next project I want to try using branches as my testing section and then have my master for the main of the program.